we have 60 species plus a lot of mixed
exhibits so we have a fish exhibit that
also has Turtles and we have an
interesting Australian lung fish we've
got things like Green mambas we have
representatives from all four Southwest
deserts the list goes on and on really
and it's not just a reptile house it's a
it's an invertebrate and amphibian house
what does a curator of reptiles do my
main job is to manage a collection of
amphibians reptiles and invertebrates so
when you see animals here they go
through a process we discuss why we
should bring them in you know what
impact it will have on conservation what
impact it will have on the public etc so
all of those things are critically
thought about before they come in and if
that's my job how long have you been
working on this project I've been
working on this project for nine years
I've been in the zoo 18 years and you
know I worked at the old reptile house
and I can't tell you how excited I am to
finally have this new display things
come and go with the zoo Avenue yeah I
have I mean what in 18 years this zoos
changed completely we are now you know
one of the finest zoos in the country in
my opinion the finest well it's a biased
opinion but this is a gorgeous place and
we've really done the animals right here
I think it's exciting that somebody can
come to the zoo and see species such as
a green mamba or a Bushmaster or Maeng
Shan Viper that you would never ever see
otherwise and you can get nose to nose
with it safely and look at it and that's
a million-and-a-half people with kids
that can do that every year it's a great
zoo and we've spent the last I've been
here about nine years and we spent that
time restoring the zoo you know it was
built in the mid-60s and it's at the end
of its life in some areas so we're going
through and renovating and adding things
like the lair today that we're opening
for the public
you